[docs] #121, #125: Update JS guide (#126)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/guide/javascript.md

All of these are published under the `@iroha2` scope into Iroha Nexus
Registry. In the future, they will be published in the main NPM Registry.

> In general, the packages are maximally decoupled, so you can minimise the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, the packages are maximally decoupled, so you can minimise their
```

footprint. However, for the purposes of this tutorial, it's better to
**install everything**.

> The installation consists of two steps: setting up a registry and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installation consists of two steps: setting up a registry and then
```

installing the packages you need.

1. Set up a registry. In shell, run:

   ```bash
   # FILE: .npmrc
   echo "@iroha2:registry=https://nexus.iroha.tech/repository/npm-group/" > .npmrc
   ```

> 2. Install Iroha 2 packages as any other NPM package. If you are following
>    the tutorial, we recommend installing all of these:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Install Iroha 2 packages as any other NPM package. If you are following
   the tutorial, we recommend installing all of the following:
```

   ```bash
   npm i @iroha2/client
   npm i @iroha2/data-model
   npm i @iroha2/crypto-core
   npm i @iroha2/crypto-target-node
   npm i @iroha2/crypto-target-web
   npm i @iroha2/crypto-target-bundler
   ```

   ::: info

>    Note that you can use other package managers, such as yarn or pnpm, for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Note that you can use other package managers, such as [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com) or [pnpm](https://pnpm.io), for
```

>    Note that you can use other package managers, such as yarn or pnpm, for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Note that you can use other package managers, such as yarn or pnpm for
```

   a faster installation. For example:

   ```bash
   yarn add @iroha2/data-model
   pnpm add @iroha2/crypto-target-web
   ```

   :::

>    The set of packages that you need to install depends on your intention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The set of packages that you need to install depends on your needs.
```

   Maybe you only need to play with the Data Model to perform
   (de-)serialisation, in which case the `data-model` package is enough. If

>    you only need to check on a peer in terms of its status or health, you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   you only need to check on a peer in terms of its status or health, then you
```

>    The set of packages that you need to install depends on your intention.
>    Maybe you only need to play with the Data Model to perform
>    (de-)serialisation, in which case the `data-model` package is enough. If
>    you only need to check on a peer in terms of its status or health, you
>    just need the client library, because this API doesn't require any
>    interactions with crypto or Data Model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The set of packages that you need to install depends on your intentions. 
   If you only need to play with the Data Model to perform
   (de-)serialisation,  the `data-model` package is sufficient. If
   you need to check on a peer in terms of its status or health, you
   only need the client library. 
```

3. Install the following packages as well:

   ```bash
   npm i hada
   npm i tsx -g
   ```

4. If you are planning to use the Transaction or Query API, you'll also
   need to inject an appropriate `crypto` instance into the client at

>    runtime. This has to be adjusted depending on your particular

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   runtime. This has to be adjusted according to your particular
```

   environment.

   For example, for Node.js users, such an injection may look like the
   following:

   ```ts
   import { crypto } from '@iroha2/crypto-target-node'
   import { setCrypto } from '@iroha2/client'

   setCrypto(crypto)
   ```

   ::: info

   Please refer to the related `@iroha2/crypto-target-*` package
   documentation because it may require some specific configuration. For
   example, the `web` target requires to call an asynchronous `init()`
   function before using `crypto`.

   :::

::: info

> Note that when you are going to create files for the following steps in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when you are creating files for the following steps in the
```

> Note that when you are going to create files for the following steps in the
> tutorial, you have to place them on the same level as the `node_modules`
> directory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**:  when you are  creating files in the following steps, 
you must place them on the same level as (i.e. in the directory which contains) 
the `node_modules` directory like so:
```
